so again thank you for being here we
look forward to your remarks well thank
you very much and it's great having FEMA
involved we've had tremendous success
working together and we appreciate all
of the people here and it's an honor to
be with all of you you're doing a
fantastic job by the way and so now
we're as of yesterday when we when we
gave the order
FEMA's totally involved in addition to
everybody else and a lot of progress is
being made so I look forward to speaking
to the governor's and from what I
understand we have pretty close to 50 of
the governor's and some territories own
and we have a lot of just about
everybody showed up so that's very nice
and we will put them on the screen as
soon as you want thank you thank you
very much Mike you want to say something
Thank You mr. president
Thank You mr. president and I want to I
want to add our thanks not only did the
great team here at the National Response
Coordination Center and FEMA as FEMA
takes the lead at implementing the
policies that you approved from the
White House coronavirus task force but
as you as you do continually mr.
president I want to thank all the
governor's that are joining us today
today is an opportunity to talk about
the progress that we are making on on
mitigation on testing supplies we
understand as as FEMA's as famous
mission that this effort through FEMA
will be locally executed state managed
and federally supported and I want all
the governors to know that we are with
you every step of the way we're
absolutely determined at the president's
direction to make sure that you have the
resources and the support as you see to
the health and well-being of your
communities we commend the governor's at
this point mr. president as we told the
country today three states are 50% of
the coronavirus cases in America today
so we're focusing resources at the point
of the need governor's in those states
their state health officials are
responding with great professionalism
and great speed we'll continue to
support those that are directly impacted
but by standing up through your national
emergency declaration mr. president
standing up FEMA and standing up the
National Response Coordination Center we
we want our governor's we want all of
our state local health officials to know
that we are as you say bringing the full
full weight of the federal government to
bear to support our state's and our
local communities and that will get
through this coronavirus and we'll get
through this together I agree with that
100% thank you very much and for the
media I guess we're actually going to
stand aside we're gonna have the screen
right behind you and we'll start opening
this up to the governors that's okay
yeah good one question for you
okay
[Music]
unlike the recession when things went
down slowly we States had time to
prepare the end of the year thank you
very good thank you very much and we
will consider everything you said thank
you very much okay who's next
[Music]
and so try try what you can do the best
you can to get what you can actually get
and we're also having a lot of things
produced that frankly nobody's ever seen
anything like this before but do the
best you can and our block wrench we're
going to consider that very strongly
[Music]
what is your second request jongo what's
your second request please the second
request okay we're gonna look at that
and I'm going to try and get you
immediate approval on the hospital I
know about the hospital request and so
we're going to speak to the VA we're
gonna see if we get immediate at least
as the switch but we'll get that
approved for you one way or the other
all right okay thanks so much I might
ask very briefly while we're waiting for
the next governor to come on Mike if you
could say a few words and also Debra if
you could say a few words would be great
and then we have another governor teed
up please great again thank you thank
all the governors for your leadership
their partnership in confronting the
coronavirus a few updates and a few
requests for each one of you I want you
all to make your citizens aware the
President signed the family first
coronavirus response act last night
coronavirus testing is free paid sick
leave family leave for caregiver givers
food assistance to the needy get the
word out to your citizens to be very
helpful on tests
State as we've said many times have
worked with many of you through your
state labs and in certified labs and of
course at the CDC testing is now
available in all 50 states we want you
to be aware that if you have questions
about the availability of testing in
your state you obviously can talk to
your state health department and
healthcare providers but I want every
governor to know that because of the
public-private partnership that the
president forged with our commercial
labs Roche thermal Fisher and as last
night Abbott Laboratories are now coming
online literally by the hour and when
they are done we will have some 2000
labs stood up around the country with
the high throughput testing your health
care providers will know where those
resources are your State Department will
know where their resources are and we
just encourage you to bring your team
together important to note that that
well now tens of thousands of more tests
are being performed literally every day
the bill the President signed last night
also included a provision that states
and private labs must report all
coronavirus testing results to the CDC
emphasize that dear State Health
Department your health care providers
encourage you maybe to pull them
together today before end of business
we're rapidly expanding testing around
the country but but as dr. Burks will
reflect in a moment we want to make sure
that we're getting the results of that
testing so that we can be informed about
that and of course that the American
people can have full visibility on that
testing as well she'll also explain we
will see as testing is ramping up today
and tomorrow we will see an increased
number of cases we want to give context
to you and to your citizens about that
on supplies President Trump has have
been engaging industry leaders in the
supply chain across the country and to
make sure that personal protective
equipment
and medical supplies are broadly
available on the subject of masks I've
talked to many of the governor's about
n95 masks again in the bill the
president signed last night we have
literally unlocked tens of millions of
n95 masks what the president asked the
Congress to do and they did was we
extended liability protection to all
industrial n95 masks so those can now be
readily sold to your hospitals and
health care providers we urge you to
communicate that to your health care
providers your hospitals today to let
them know that that supply has
dramatically increased and they can
place orders
we also would reiterate if you can reach
out to your construction companies
they're in possession of lots of m95
industrial masks and the president is
urging all those builders and literally
hundreds around the country have already
done this to donate those masks to their
local hospitals and clinics on the
subject of ventilators we are currently
surveying health care providers around
the country and suppliers and I'm
pleased to report to you that we have
already identified tens of thousands of
ventilators including ventilators that
can be converted to treat coronavirus
patients your action item on that and
your in your state should be you should
survey your outpatient surgical centers
and and your ORS to identify the type of
respirators that can be converted that
dr. Burks has been working with with
suppliers there's a changed vent that
has to be attached we've identified that
those are available but literally tens
of thousands of ventilators are now
going to be available because of because
of the survey that's currently underway
the other point that we wanted to
emphasize is at the direction of CDC and
the president's coronavirus task force
we are encouraged
hospitals and every American to postpone
elective surgery please explain to your
citizens that this will have a direct
impact on hospital capacity by
suspending elective surgeries it will
free up more space in hospitals
including respirators as dr. Burks
explained to me that many people that
require respirator is a because of the
surgery gone wrong and so this frees up
more of our capacity across the board I
know it's not lost on any of the
governor's here mr. president that by
standing up FEMA we you now have
essentially created a structure that
every governor is very familiar with in
dealing with disasters and emergencies
we have activated all emergency support
functions and interagency functions here
Pete Gaynor is here for comments and
questions
we intend to run all of the federal
response in support the states through
here at the National Response
Coordination Center and through FEMA we
this Center is fully operational
governor's I I want you to tell your
teams that this this NRCC will be
connected to your states through your
regional administrators and your State
Emergency Operations Center this will be
very familiar to all of you any
questions that you have the only thing
that I would ask on the president's
behalf if there are issues that arise in
your state begin with your regional FEMA
administrator literally 20,000 people
work for FEMA there you all know what
incredible people they are and they're
ready to go to work to work your issues
so with that mr. president I might just
turn it over to dr. Burks with your
permission and she'll reflect on what we
know about the data and what we know
about the spread of the disease but
thank you for your bold leadership
thanks for what you're all are doing to
implement the president's coronavirus
guidelines it's an honor to be serving
with all of you thank you Mike
mr. president you should received an
analysis of the country so it's three
primary states of California Washington
I'm calibrating Washington in New York
with the addition counties of New
Orleans and Cook County we are very
concerned to remain concerned in urban
areas where mitigation and social
distancing is absolutely crucial the
issue of decreasing spread due to
contaminated counters and other things
in restaurants and bars as well as movie
theaters is absolutely critical so I
know you're concerned about your
hospitals but critically you need to
make sure that all elective medical and
surgical procedures and dental
procedures have been cancelled that that
PPE is being utilized and transferred to
the parts of your state that need it the
most you will get all elective surgery
centers those are your outpatient
surgical centers and that staff to be
your surge capacity those ventilators
can be converted to be utilized the
anesthesia ventilators to be used as
ventilators I think as we all work
together to solve these solutions I
think unlocking the mast and the PPE
from construction was absolutely key as
well as as well as this ventilator
situation I think the federal government
has been very proactive and ensuring
that we've decreased bureaucracy and
barriers to unlock these innovations we
believe that innovations will continue
to come from the field and we appreciate
your frontline workers who have been
informing us about their changes it's
important that we're tracking the data
on a county-by-county as gradually as we
can because we can look at whether
Mitigation is working in those will get
feedback from your community this will
only be solved if every single person
the fire so we will stay in close
communication with all of you through
FEMA we're very excited about the full
activation of theevans we'll be able to
provide a dialog both up and about
dialogue down so that we can stay and
close their communication and so we can
ensure that we have prioritized all
stockpile elements based on the needs
and the case structure that has been
reported reporting becomes critical if
we can't see it we don't know how to
unlock the stockpiles so this both test
negative and test positives are going to
be absolutely essential as well as
hospital admissions and CCU that so that
we understand exactly what is required
thank you very much Mike go ahead Thank
You mr. president just two brief points
on the subject of testing Admiral Gua is
with us the US Public Health Service has
built a model so many of the states have
already begun drive-through testing are
doing a yeoman's work in that space and
Anwar was here to articulate to you how
we can be supportive of that going
forward and where we're rolling that out
last point the president asked me to
emphasize we want to encourage every
governor on this call convene your
leading health care providers today to
to take inventory of your medical supply
needs and we urge you to remind them
that they need to look to their supply
chains first we'll prioritize
accordingly and any states that are in
the middle of critical response know
that we will work with you to get you
what you need other states you need to
talk to your health care leaders
providers and make sure that they are
going to the supply chain and we
encourage you to
to pull them together today to emphasize
that point Thank You mr. president and
thank you very much Mike and I want to
get back to the governor's I do want to
say to me something so big the FDA has
approved a compassionate use for a
significant number of patients we have
they drug called mark wind a derivation
would be hydroxychloroquine which I hear
even better about it's a common malaria
drug it's been available so therefore
the safety level we understand very well
it's been relatively safe and it showed
very encouraging early results really
encouraging if this works as well as
hopefully it might the FDA which would
have taken normally much longer to do
under our great secretaries but Fanta
the head of the FDA has been dr. hon dr.
Stephen Hahn
he's been fantastic he got it approved
very quickly I won't even tell you how
quickly but let's put it this way it's
approved and we're encouraging you to
take a look at it we have ordered a lot
of it and you can too it's by
prescription it's a very powerful drug
for malaria and also for various forms
of very serious arthritis but we think
it has a very serious very good impact
on what we're talking about with respect
to the virus so you'll take a look at
that and you can coordinate with us but
I think to me that's a game changer you
know about the vaccines are fine but
that will be a while before you can test
them because you have to leave quite a
bit of period we are making tremendous
progress on a vaccine but it still takes
a long while to test it we're also
studying this and other promising
therapies which is a therapy produced by
Gilead and that would be REMS
it's called REM Nessebar REM Nessebar
and it shows great promise and red jr.
rod was a company which is
also working very hard on a drug and
it's also they're doing very well they
are the ones that came up with a very
successful solution to Ebola and they've
been a fantastic company so we have some
great things but the they've Jung the
ones that I mentioned are very good but
especially I think if you look at the
first mention could be a absolute total
game changer and with that I think we'll
go back to the this is my prescription
but states can issue it and we have it
approved by the FDA and I think it's
going to be something that will be very
interesting to see we're going to know
very quickly but we've had some very
good tests and it's been successful so
let's take a look to me that's probably
the most important thing that anybody
can say if it works but we have it
approved for safety and I want to thank
the FDA for acting so quickly who was
incredible how quickly this was
something that would have taken years
and they got it done almost immediately
based on the past history of the drug
thank you very much
who is the next governor please
I got three quick things to bring your
attention one is reagents to process the
test so once
for example somebody's been swamped we
have a test fit sending it to our lab
we're going to conserve so that would be
[Music]
we'll get right back to your net P thank
you very much great job thank you okay
next
[Music]
thank you very much well we do like you
going out seeing what you can get or you
can get in faster and the price is
always a component of that also and
maybe that's why you lost to the fence
I'll tell you that's probably why but
I'm going to I'm going to ask Mike to
discuss that because we have some brand
new information please like well Charlie
we will take that back and appreciate
the feedback Secretary of HHS is here
and we we want to facilitate all the
states and the health care providers in
your states to be able to access
that than supply chain as it becomes
more robust specifically on the defense
production act the the president the
president has has activated the defense
production act but he's not initiated
any other action underneath it right now
what I can tell you is as the president
has brought together leaders of business
and industry and supply chains I think
mr. president you put it well when you
talk about the spirit in American
business about wanting to ramp up
voluntarily to meet the needs that our
health care providers have in this
country is truly inspiring and so the
president has not yet exercise his
authority under the defense production
act he said he will if he needs to but I
think I think the president's perception
the team's perception is now is American
industry is stepping forward very
aggressively and with the changes that
Congress just enacted and the President
signed and we're going to continue to
make to make more and more people able
and I will say this surely for everybody
the country has really stepped up like I
don't think we've seen it in many many
probably decades it's incredible the way
they've stepped up so we hope we can get
rid of this thing quickly
okay next go thank you generally weeks
it's been tremendous ongoing efforts to
mitigate the economic impact that we're
all facing and thank you so much for
joining vice president Pat's the former
governor to lead this crisis he's been
terrific than working with all of us and
reaching out to us Thank You Lee
yesterday yesterday we had a meeting of
all the governors for the NGA prior to
this fall and you know we were getting a
lot you're getting a lot of input you're
being bombarded by 50 different people
with different questions we try to
consolidate it down
a group of concerns that that only felt
agreed on with our priorities and we
last night and gave to the White House
some of which you've already covered
already in the discussion but I just
want to walk walk through them this
summarizes we're talking about these
were the ones that were the most there
was most consensus on one one it was at
least 50% of the supplemental funding to
the space including some direct funding
and acting quickly on waiver request
you've done a great job with all of this
all this funding we're in a good
position at the state level to know the
real needs and get the money out faster
to those some of those small businesses
that are impacted you're doing the
stimulus for those industries that are
being hurt and getting those checks out
for the people that need them but we
have the money in the States we can
really utilize that I think faster and
push it out sort of like we do on other
things with block grants
I'm secondly you've talked about this a
lot but every governor obviously is
trying to work with you and bombarding
about things about how we work together
to increase access to PBS a math test
gets extracting kids and accelerating
the production and all of this
life-saving equipment ventilators and
we're working together but that's
obviously something all 50 governors or
at the top of their list third and this
came mostly from your appointees mr.
president the co-chairs of the Council
of Governors governor Hutchison and
governor EJ about the supporting title
32 authorization to give the governor
more flexibility with their national
guards and it mulched us paying those
folks and get them benefits that we've
elevated we've activated $2,200 members
in our state and this is nothing I think
the governor's had open to all ten of
your point these are on this call I
believe and providing some got number
four providing some guidance on
implementation of the defense production
Act so we can kind of work with
secretary a czar and give some thoughts
about
how the state could be more involved in
helping that with some of the industries
in our state
and lastly allowing up some more
flexibility for the completion of both
the Census and the Real ID because we're
trying to not force people into like our
MBAs we waive licensing requirements so
we don't have people trying to get
renewals of licensing and yet real life
requires us to get all these people in
there by October 1st I've got five
practical things that all the governor's
want to address some of which you talked
about and I just want to again thank you
there's been tremendous cooperation you
have a terrific team that's been working
and I want to try to limit for people
bother blowing up the secretary so I'll
reiterate what I talked with the White
House about last night and that is you
mentioned it mr. vice president going
through the normal female process so
it's great that you're being so willing
to help governors personally but and I
think things will happen better if you
go to your regional FEMA coordinators
and you got more people addressing these
issues but well thank you Larry you know
I think I think the FEMA is going to go
great we've had so much we've done so
much work with FEMA unfortunately
recently on a on a big tornado in
Tennessee you know that and then last
year on a big tornado in Alabama and
plenty of hurricanes and we work also in
California largely in California the big
forest fires and FEMA there's a job like
no like no other so I think there'll be
a tremendous I know there going to be a
tremendous help on the two points that
are relevant I'd like you to call Steve
minuchin I'll speak to them later and
give them a little detail in those two
points place so that while we're doing
this with the center we're getting a lot
of cooperation from Democrats and
Republicans maybe you can make those two
points a little bit with Steve because a
few people do agree with it okay thank
you thank you very much Larry okay next
mr. president if I die before the next
governor speaks that might with your
permission
Pete Gaynor could give us a couple
minutes I think Governor Hogan
we appreciate your affirmation of the
president's decision to stand up FEMA's
National Coordination Response Center
and and to have all the state requests
and resources funneled through a very
customary system here at FEMA but mr.
president with your permission yes
National Response Coordination Center as
the secretary the vice president's all
furiously FEMA is the leading federal
operations or is leading federal
operators on behalf of the White House
corner task force what we seized the
whole of them in response to the
pandemic like all of you we are prepared
to do this for the long duration for the
long haul the health and safety of our
employees and the American people is my
top priority as of this morning the HHS
closest action task force and other
federal partners have fully integrated
into the operations based here at FEMA's
National Response Coordination Center
additionally all 10 FEMA regional
response formation centers around the
country have been activated to support
ongoing response efforts in eastern
respective states and regions
currently there are 50 states of the
District of Columbia five territories of
one tribe that have often in and have
received the final 1b emergency
declaration of October 19 in support of
this FEMA's primary goal be to ensure
you have the resources that you need
this is what FEMA needs from everyone
the FEMA regional ministries will
continue to coordinate closely with you
and your teams to determine the type and
level support you need as you continue
respond to this dynamic threat like all
emergencies responses most successful
one is one good executed state managed
and fairly supported that we cannot
stress this enough at the state level is
informed that your Emergency Management
and public health teams are linked
together
governor's if you have unmet needs
please ensure they committed to your
respective FEMA
Regional Administrator they have a
direct line here to the NRCC in
Washington
I also need your help in emphasising
that at the local and county level they
should both be following the quest up
through the state and then from the
state to the FEMA regional
administrators again locally executed
state managed and fairly support
recently today we issued guidance to all
states about what eligible emergency
protective measures are under the staff
for that so that was our this afternoon
and governor's to see that shortly we're
also issued guidance on giving more
definition about the defense production
act I thank everyone for the continued
partnership in this effort and as the
president vice president said we will
get through this together as a team
thank you very much Peter and in
addition to what we have the very very
talented men who have dealt with a lot
on building different things throughout
the country the general that you I think
for the most part you know general semin
ight and that's the Army Corps of
Engineers and very much involved in a
couple of locations I know as far as
specifically and he's definitely very
busy but he's a good builder and that's
what you need is a good builder so thank
you very much general for being here
okay next governor please
[Music]
yes to consider direct and stimulus to
our hospitals they're really bearing the
brunt of this the second thing and I
talked to yesterday market for bridge
financing to deal with
that would be helpful and I think some
of us may need that help in a matter of
weeks not month
so I just wanted to put that on your
radar and then I fully fully support
what has been asked for as it relates to
block grants because we all are on the
ground and need some flexibility to
quickly react to the needs of our small
businesses you know you guys are really
struggling and we're gonna have to do
our best
thank you thank you thank you very much
appreciate it very much thank you Gary
[Music]
but I think you're right a hundred
percent and I think we're going to have
any gonna be a rocket ship as soon as
this thing get solved as soon as we beat
the invisible enemy it's an invisible
enemy and it's been vicious it's in over
140 countries if you can believe that
140 countries so it moves fast as very
contagious but we've really stepped up
but a lot of good things are going to
happen and one of the reasons we're
doing the package is that you're hearing
about reading about and know about is
the fact that we think it's going to
come back really fast
I think we're poised to come back very
very fast but we have to get rid of this
and we will get rid of the virus and
hopefully it'll be sooner far sooner
rather than later thank you very much
very appreciate it thank you next
governor please
[Music]
well thank you very much you're right
100% were watching the auto industry
very much we're going to be helping them
out at least a little bit and they've
requested some help and it wasn't their
fault what happened so we'll be taking
care of the auto industry and I
appreciate it very much your comments
thank you
but next governor place
governor from Illinois I wanted to first
express my gratitude to your staff and
to others working in the administration
who we've interacted what they've really
done The Omen work and being responsive
to citizens Thank You mr. vice president
for returning calls to us as we needed
more help with answers to questions
about testing and actually that's why a
question today we understand through
testing that's been stood up across the
country we in Illinois for the you know
[Music]
okay
these states have done a lot of that
themselves working in conjunction with
us a lot of the drive through has been
done by States but Admiral maybe you
could answer that question please a
couple of numbers for you right now
we're very effectively transitioning to
large-scale testing by leveraging all
the motives
American healthcare system including CDC
in the state public health labs all care
in hospitals and large commercial labs
let me give you a few numbers between
March 2nd and March 14th we made
available ten point four million tests
the United States population we
anticipated by March 28th that number
will be twenty seven point six million
in tests according to the FDA so
incredible surgeon in terms of supplies
which many of you I've worked with
probably about twenty individually the
FDA has made available a number of
options for supplies different swabs
different reagents if you don't have
culture medium you can use sterile
saline salt water it works good
everybody has that epsilon F da FAQ
website and in general the commercial
market is working extraordinarily well
the CDC and the public health
laboratories to date have conducted over
45,000 tests and the clinical
laboratories the large clinical
laboratories have now conducted over
63,000 tests of which 20,000 were done
just yesterday so this shows the
incredible ramp we do not have all the
tens of thousands of hospitals which
ambassador birx is talking about I
wanted to highlight one part of this
your question that the approval by
Abbott via Google by the FDA or the
other testing system is very important
to your hospital systems because it
spans a little bit of a gap between
what's done in your state lab and what's
done at the large commercial
laboratories there are about 175 of
these systems throughout the country
150,000 yesterday week these are at 175
of your community cost for those VA
medical centers and maybe do about 500
tests per day within your hospital
system now in terms of the drive through
this is the last part we are standing on
47 sites
in 12 states according to the state
needs we asked them to FEMA regional
administrators for what you needed how
we can support you
some states need very little support
some states the significantly more so
far only one week after we started we
will have several starting today and
likely more that it doesn't starting
tomorrow and to be very clear we gave
the initial allocation based on workers
they told us but we want you to work
through your FEMA system we have plenty
of tests on the backside we have plenty
of supplies on the front side work
through your FEMA administrator to give
your requirements and we will bring
those back through the FEMA systems to
meet them there's been great demand and
a great enthusiasm among the states
Brittany's drive-through centers
primarily for health care workers and we
want to support you we can certainly
provide more than five thousand at the
beginning those are not enough going
forward and we really need in order for
us to more rapidly are one last thing
our hospitals are doing their own
but we really need to supply that
federal government and action too we are
competing general that shouldn't be a
problem would you please dispenser that
because everything should be in very
good shape it is absolutely not true
that the rights through centers are
monopolizing the market we use the swabs
that the swab kids start the testing
kids we get them to the commercial
market we use a very small percentage of
them when I was asked about shortages
yesterday I went right to the commercial
market got two hundred thousand and
shipped them to the states that said
they couldn't find them so please look
on the commercial market because they
are there we will help you find them or
we will help you help you to access them
and again if you stand your requirements
up and with a FEMA system we will work
with your states to acquire them or
assist you in any way we're fully
integrated into FEMA now it's been great
and only twelve hours we've got us all
side side by side so we want to help you
we appreciate the enthusiasm and there
will be more than 5,000 available to you
either the commercial market or we will
assist in fact last night we bought
250,000 swabs and they got distributed
all over to all over the country to the
United States and the states that needed
them the most so gave me any problem
call me up but there should be no
problem with that at all
thanks so much Jimmy thanks Jimmy next
governor please
15:09 Thank You mr. president mr. vice
president for all your fish are
appreciated I want to tell you a little
bit of my story and I need to understand
how your triaging supplied we put two
weeks for requesting reagents for our
Public Health lab from CDC's we'll push
those to private suppliers who kept
canceling orders on us and we kept
making requests placing orders the
morning we would expect the supply all
of a sudden yes so they received what I
was trying to get supplies that we need
especially when I'm the only correctly
amusing all right we heard we got very
good
[Music]
thank you thank you my we'll take care
of that immediately very quickly all
right
next please
yes
[Music]
it's a good idea Pete will do it through
FIBA so okay
[Music]
thank you very much we'll get it done
thank you very much all right we have
four more governors thanks let's go
who's next
thank you thank you very much okay next
please
governorship I know but other parts of
the country with a theme-park so what
these folks are I think it's a great
idea thank you very much I think I think
it's something we'll be thinking about
it thank you go next please
and this is our final question mr.
president Brad Lowe and I ho we
governors we talked about the ventilator
crisis as we get further down the road
I know governor Inslee is there at that
point now whether and I've heard rumors
that the car industry might start
manufacturing him and then we've talked
about using laser technology laser
training to make the parts if FDA would
give us the standard and if Congress and
the administrator and the admission help
us a patent protection so that we could
get into the supply chain an adequate
supply of ventilators and the filters to
where that was one thing we had to worry
about in our supply chain going forward
that would be very helpful and we can do
that too that's great we can do that
easily
thank you Thank You Brad well ladies and
gentlemen thank you very much it's been
an honor to be with you we'll do this
probably often until this gets solved
feel free to call me the Vice President
anybody at the table anybody in the room
except for the media don't call the
media and we will see you at the next
one thank you all very much thank you
you